Xiaozhu, your admirer sent flowers again today
It's really enviable
Xie Shao doesn't care about Xi's Group
Come to CN Group every day
Are you free?
Xia Zhu
I know you've been through a lot over the years
But
Since you can understand the father of Dabao, Erbao and Sanbao
Can you give me a chance to make up for it?
Xing Shao stay away from us
It is the greatest compensation for us.
Character
I really know I was wrong.
When Chabajo bullied me in the company
You don't think you're wrong?
When you turned against the Governor for Chappeau
You don't think you're wrong
Now you're wrong.
It's late, it's your laissez-faire again and again
Shabahe almost killed me and Sibao
And my Wu Bao will never be found
Habit I don't want to resent you
But I don't want anything to do with you either
piggy
Is everything ready now?
Mr. Si, I haven't been on the brick for too long
A little nervous
You don't have to be too nervous.
Your ability is beyond doubt
And the column you're going to do this time
It is specifically to help my aunt
Parents search for abducted children
It's very meaningful.
Every time I think of Wubao being abducted, my heart feels very uncomfortable
I hope I can do my best.
Help more people
I support you.
And don't call me Mr. Si again
I will always be your senior
Thank you, sir.
piggy
Is it between us
Do you really want to miss it like this?